image1
From the above chart, we can see that among all the race, subject of use of force cases
that is black, white, and hispanic have higher age median than asian and native american.
When we look into the gender, we can see that hispanic have the largest difference between
male and female. In the future, we can explore if the higher age median of race correlate with
their larger proportion of population. Also, we would like to prone into the hispanic to see if culture
factor played a role.

image2 + image4
These four chart are reflecting the occurrence of use of force under different four conditions (Lighting,
Indoor/Outdoor, Weather, Location). In terms of Location. we can see that the majority of use of force
happened at street and sidewalk. Outdoor is more preferable than indoor. The daylight plus good artificial
light which can provide a better sight (bright color) outrace the lighting conditions that provided worse sight.
(dark color) The weather condition is almost dominate by the clear weather. We don't know if these conditions
are independent. Intuitively, clear weather and (daylight + good artificial) both imply better sight, while (sidewalk
+ street) and outdoor both imply broader place. Further PCA (principal component analysis) might have us draw a better
conclusion on this. What's more, race seems independent to the effect of these environmental factors.

image3
In this chart, the subject race is all capitalized. By looking at the chart, we can see that top three cross race situation
are white officer to black subject, black officer to black subject, and hispanic officer to black subject. Surprisingly
and unexpectedly, we found that black officer to black subject is one of the top three situation. Which lead us to think
of the question that if the discrimination even happen on the own race. Alternatively, this phenomenon can be explained
by the fact that black subject have the higher crime rate, so the occurrence of this situation is solely reflecting the
portion of each race of officers in the population of officers.

image5
The orange bar represent the portion of race in the whole population. The blue bar represents the portion of race in
all subjects. We can easily observe that black, hispanic, and white are the majority of the population ,and they
have almost the same portion in the population while black solely account for more than 70 percentage of all subjects,
while hispanic and white each accounts for only about 10-15 percentage of subjects. This result make people could not help
suspecting the existence of racial discrimination among police officers. We still need to do some investigations on
the crime rate of each race in reality before we can make a solid conclusion on the existence of racial discrimination.
